Save people to fitch in the area
Good crowd today, I'll be showing here.
as you are correcting a sx error and 7
It had never happened to me.
I installed windows amb at 32 right there
an intercept error occurred on sx and
in case I was going to april April and xx is
right there opened the panel highlighted
there was the message that could not be
open that I had to close and I
right intercept right there looking for
I tried to correct this mistake
Right in my case I'm sting
I do not know if it will work for the night x
right but the whole case is not
putting the video there the intention is to help
and the crew is right then venice come on
Who are you with this error guys?
What are you going to do first at the beginning here?
Sure you'll go in yours in the csi2 folder
tim on properties here on steam open
the file
and how are you going to get this half- folder
life here will delete them shift her
Belletti for is not in the voter's trash
beauty people are going to enter this site
that I'll be leaving here one
minute that I did not leave open site and
rain
Alfie certain life you will enter a
Mid-fire website I'm leaving.
in the video description you 're already doing
download and if the team just clicked
right here
After you have done, I will not do it here.
people, because I just did the
download team is showing the video
Open you have to have a program.
to unzip the file in my case
if I use the right charge extract for
You come here for life to get there.
where you should twist 2 points here today
program is sting tim apps like after ok
ready it strange there only you go
having to do some more business is
they see there at almost not normally it's sting
apps as it will start at the end
unfortunate director but here it is already the new ne
in Spanish speche sure will put
rename komal right here is to name
I'll end up here after the dollar and go
put brasilia brasilia with him in
right end, still alright, guys already
corrected the error at least my
corrected guys and my corrected hope
That you've corrected yours right and for
a lot of people sxrd all versions there
I also found a program that will
We are correcting general and zeal leave
ash sure as much as notepad
so opening these things in my case
never happened
but this program is going to be fixing
very
Zeus, but I also apologize for the mistakes.
which are not corrected by that
program but only that it will be
helping a lot of people and certain people in the
case he would have entered a strong kick and
download this file here anti rootkit
fast spot
I will also be leaving this site on
in the video description
It's very fast here, if you do not
have an account not only the chef does is well
quickie then, do not pay or anything here
come here later and download it right
in my case already downloaded here
showing here to you
the right program it does not need
install or anything there
already ben jassim will open first
here o
this page you come in that option that
It's bad and 0
the bad would be in this case nor here to avoid
sx errors are you will select
everyone here, oh, a certain helena will be there
placing this world-wide victory only
click the right after it is in this
on the street it surprised the beauty people already
corrected all errors there from the west z is
of course it will not fix all
errors but it will correct a good part
Italy helping the people a lot there
That's why I'm putting this in
video here for you to help and
I hope I have helped many people there 7
guys
in my case I was wrong
has already functioned as the
folder in which final and worked out right here
beauty, thanks